And don't worry, your woman will always be America,
We will soon.
The card is on the wall of the bed, so we know how you are going to die?
Don't waste words, take it back and pack it up. Xiaojun!
We, mother and son, are finished, and you still care about him!
Dad, I beg you, let them go!
I would like to join Dong Fufu.
Study sitting down, no!
Xiaojun, we can't be together anymore, what should we do?
I can't let anything happen to you when you ask me about something,
It's okay, Ruo Xie,
Auntie and Xiaojun are going to have fun and will be back soon.
My aunt was stabbed
Let them die more completely - one by one
Death is imminent
You are still pretending to be closed
I really belong to you
Stop talking nonsense and come back with your head on.
That's exactly what you're doing
Promised to help me out
Good now
we all got caught
Didn't mom tell you?
We're just going through the motions
It'll be out soon
You are the queen of needles
Still talking about this